fix(curriculum):  Navbar component workshop steps (#59676)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-mega-navbar/67457ff2dc531fbed928a0f0.md

}
```

> Inside the `Navbar` function, return an empty pair of round parentheses.

Reviewer: remove this completely

```suggestion
```

> Inside the `return`,  create a `nav` element, and give it a `className` attribute with the value `navbar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `Navbar` component `return` a `nav` element that has a `className` of `navbar`.
```

The reason why `className` is used here instead of `class` is because `class` is a reserved keyword in JavaScript. So, React uses `className` as a way to apply classes to elements.

# --hints--

> You should return an empty pair of round parentheses inside the `Navbar` function.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /export\s+(const|function)\s+Navbar\s*(=\s*)?\(\)\s*(=>\s*)?\{\s*return\s*\(\s*\)\s*;?\s*\}/);
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
